gh-99735: Handle no arguments when using sub-commands in argparse (#99736)
python/cpython: Doc/library/argparse.rst

     >>> parser.parse_args(['co', 'bar'])
     Namespace(foo='bar')

>    One particularly effective way of handling sub-commands is to
>    combine the use of the :meth:`add_subparsers` method with calls to
>    :meth:`set_defaults` so that each subparser knows which Python
>    function it should execute.  The :meth:`set_defaults` method of the

Reviewer: I'd recommend keeping the original structure so just the new changes can be more easily reviewed.

```suggestion
   One particularly effective way of handling sub-commands is to combine the use
   of the :meth:`add_subparsers` method with calls to :meth:`set_defaults` so
   that each subparser knows which Python function it should execute.
   The :meth:`set_defaults` method of the
```

>    main parser is called to handle the case when no subcommand is

Reviewer: tiny nit, since 'sub-command' was used above in the same paragraph

```suggestion
   main parser is called to handle the case when no sub-command is
```
